added expiry time(24hrs) to archivist link section (#732)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/architectural-details/security-model.mdx

### Treat Archivist URLs as secrets

> HCP Terraform uses a blob storage service called Archivist for storing various pieces of customer data. Archivist URLs (which have the origin <https://archivist.terraform.io>) are returned by various HCP Terraform APIs, such as the [state versions API](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs/state-versions#fetch-the-current-state-version-for-a-workspace). Unlike the rest of HCP Terraform’s API, Archivist’s API does not require the user to submit a Bearer Token with each request. Instead, Archivist URLs contain a signed short term (~24 hours) authorization token that is used to perform authorization checks. For this reason, Archivist URLs must be treated as secrets and should not be logged or shared.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HCP Terraform uses a blob storage service called Archivist for storing various pieces of customer data. Archivist URLs have the origin `https://archivist.terraform.io` and are returned by various HCP Terraform APIs, such as the [state versions API](/terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs/state-versions#fetch-the-current-state-version-for-a-workspace). You do not need to submit a bearer token with each request to call the Archivist API. Instead, Archivist URLs contain a signed authorization token that performs authorization checks. The token expires in approximately 24 hours. As a result, you must treat Archivist URLs as secrets and avoid logging or sharing them.
```
Just a few tweaks for consistency with our style guide, such as using active voice and avoiding parentheses.
